docs: completed docs description and changelog configuration (#66)
dart-lightning/lndart.clightning: README.md

- License

## Packages

> Dart monorepo implements different dart packages to develop fast and maintainable applications in dart and flutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dart monorepo houses the following packages to develop fast and maintainable applications for interacting with core lightning.
```
We can ignore a more general monorepo overview and only list information specific to us. Also the use of `dart` keyword is implicit and we can ignore as such. Maybe fix the message but I think we should only list important information here since its the root readme and people will notice this the first.

Author: Cool! doing in the next commit

| Package        | Description                                                     | Version    |
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| [cln_common](packages/cln_common)     | A package that provides common interface for the monorepo.      | unreleased |
| [clightning_rpc](packages/rpc) | A RPC wrapper around the core lightning API.                    | ![Pub Version (including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/clightning_rpc?include_prereleases&style=flat-square) |
| [cln_plugin](packages/cln_plugin)     | A library to write extensible plugin in dart for core lightning. | unreleased |
    
## How to contribute

> Read our [Hacking guide](https://docs.page/dart-lightning/lndart.clightning/dev/MAINTAINERS)

Reviewer: Looks great!
